en: add faq about configUpdateStrategy (#1786)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/faq.md

* Scaling
* Any Pod of PD, TiDB, TiKV, or TiFlash is not Ready

To check whether a TiDB cluster is unavailable, you can try connecting to TiDB. If the connection fails, it means that the corresponding TiDBCluster is unavailable.

> ## After modifying the configuration of a component, why does the new configuration not take effect?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## After the configuration of a component is modified, why does the new configuration not take effect?
```
